KNN is a supervised machine learning algorithm is used for binary as well as multi class classification problem especially in the field of economic forecasting, data compression and genetics.
Distance metrics like euclidean distance or Manhatten distance or similarity matrices like cosine matrix is used here.It can be used for both classification and regression
A query point in KNN is classified to which class it belongs based on the majority vote in the chosen value of K(nearest neighbors). 
The neighbors are known from the distance matrices used majorly Euclidean distance (also known as L2 norm).
We would be splitting our dataset given to train and test dataset basically but here to determine the right value of K we would split the dataset given in to train,cross validation, test datasets(preferably 60%,20%,20% respectively).
After a model is trained using the train dataset we would be using cross validation dataset in order to test the model using different values of K and cross validation accuracy is obtained for every value of K 
, and the right value of K is the one with highest accuracy.

Bias — variance trade off:
Case-1: If the value of K is very low.
        As the value of K is very low it could label the query points as the point near to it only small points are taken into consideration so there is a chance for high variance(which is also known as over fitting), 
        In high variance training error is low but testing error is very high comparatively.
Case-2:If the value of K is very high in fact almost equal to number of datapoints.
        As the value of K is very high it could mostly label the query point as the class label which is majority in the given dataset. 
        so there is a chance for high bias(which is also known as under fitting), In high bias both training error and testing error is very high.
Case-3: If the value of K is neither high nor low and obtained correctly using cross validation data accuracy then it is a good balance with out high bias and variance.


Computationally expensive and High memory requirement, because the algorithm stores all of the training data. Prediction stage might be slow (with big N)

